add dynamodb example upon Naj's request (#13)
elastio/contrib: dynamo-db-protect-and-restore-example/README.md

aws dynamodb put-item \
    --table-name Music \
    --item \
        '{"Artist": {"S": "Acme Band"}, "SongTitle": {"S": "Happy Day"}, "AlbumTitle": {"S": "Songs About Life"}, "Awards": {"N": "10"} }'

aws dynamodb put-item \
    --table-name Music \
    --item \
        '{"Artist": {"S": "Acme Band"}, "SongTitle": {"S": "PartiQL Rocks"}, "AlbumTitle": {"S": "Another Album Title"}, "Awards": {"N": "8"} }'
```

## Use Elastio and the script provided in this folder to Backup and Restore the Music table

Run the following command to backup the table schema and data using `elastio file backup` command in the CLI:

```
python3 DynamoElastio.py -m backup -s Music && elastio stream backup --stream-name schema.json --from-file schema.json
```

The script will create 1 file `schema.json` that will contain all the table information.

Then delete the table and run the following command to use Elastio to restore the deleted table:

```
elastio stream restore --rp rp-dg34vt9ouz4iphmo83hqxnno --to-file schema.json && python3 DynamoElastio.py -m restore -s Music --noConfirm
```

As a result you will find the table restored and ready for use.

> ## LICENCE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## LICENSE
```

> Elastio-specific modifications are Copyright 2022 Elastio Software, Inc, and are hereby released under the MIT License as was the original work upon which this version is derived (https://github.com/bchew/dynamodump).

Reviewer: Let's make that hyperlink a bit prettier:

```suggestion
Elastio-specific modifications are Copyright 2022 Elastio Software, Inc, and are hereby released under the MIT License as was the [original work by bchew](https://github.com/bchew/dynamodump) from which this version is derived.
```
